My stomach hurts.
Our child can't have a body
This is the heir of our Lu family
Nothing must happen.
Butler, call the doctor over here
Yes, in the cloud, please hold on.
The doctor is coming.
It's absurd. It's absurd
Grandma, don't be angry
Xiaoyan
Grandma wouldn't let that woman in the door
Don't worry, as long as grandma has a breath
It's my grandma's place and it will always be me
This remnant body can't make face for the Gu family at all
Purple grandma is so nice to me
I can't be selfish anymore.
grandma
In fact, my divorce from Lu Jinsheng is quite good
It can fulfill Lu Jinsheng
It can also make Xia Yun let out the child in his belly
Have a complete home
Are you worried about your father?
Don't be afraid.
I'll talk to the police myself later
As for the children?
Grandma didn't do that
Even if you can't have children
Grandma won't blame you
grandma
That doesn't show money
What age is this?
Those old things that carry on the family line?
It's way out of date.
Xiaoyan as long as you want
After Xia Yunchu gave birth to the child
You have the mental intention to raise mom, isn't that good?
The child still needs to be brought by his mother
Besides, our daughter-in-law
She's a broken woman who can't have children
If outsiders find out
How can we still establish a foothold in the Lu family?
You shut up
How am I doing?
Leave that alone.
Jingshan, follow me to the kitchen
I have something to say